Add docs release notes for w/e September 8 (#578)
mongodb/docs-app-services: docs-release-notes.md

# September 8, 2023

## App Builder's Resources

- Configure & Connect to an Edge Server: Fix small spelling typo.

## Device Sync

- Configure and Update your Data Model/Update a Data Model: Fix small spelling typo.
- Configure Sync/Sync Settings: Update queryable fields documentation for Indexed Queryable Fields and Collection Queryable Fields.
- Handle Errors/Sync Errors: Update queryable fields documentation for Indexed Queryable Fields and Collection Queryable Fields. 

## Authenticate and MAnage Users

- Manage User Sessions: Update Get a User Access Token Over HTTPS steps for clarity.

## Reference

> - App Services Admin API: Add missing properties, ``run_as_user_id`` and ``run_as_user_id_script_source``, to the Create a New Function endpoint.

Reviewer: This is just a nitpick but I'd probably put the "Create a New Function endpoint" at the beginning of this item so the reader can decide if this is relevant to them _before_ reading to the end. Similar to:

```suggestion
- App Services Admin API: Create a New Function endpoint: Add missing properties: ``run_as_user_id`` and ``run_as_user_id_script_source``.
```

## Release Notes

- Update change log with release notes for v20230906.

## Internal

> - Update the facets.csv with SubProduct value to programmatically tag the repo correctly.

Reviewer: This one is a bit confusing because it's new to us, but there is no facets.csv in the repo and this doesn't quite capture what this PR was about. I'd probably say something like:

```suggestion
- Add programmatically-generated facet tags to the repo for improved search indexing.
```
